TravianZ is based on TravianX v6.0.0 with some grapich changes from ZravianX.
I will try to make the best from this version and I will add every fix that I will found to it.
If you found fix to somthing please give it to me.

This version

1. Modified register page with pictures.
2. Modified names of tribes with colours.
3. Modified Plus System with packages.
4. Modified in Plus System and added Account Statement.
5. Enabled Report Player in Profile. Send message to Multihunter.
6. Enabled Graphic Pack in Profile (NOT CODED YET).
7. Enabled in Profile : Auto Completation , Large Map , Report Filter and Time Preferences (NOT CODED YET).
8. Added Vacation Mod . Can be set from profile , cannot attack player on vacation mode , can view on profile (overview), cannot login on vacation mode. (thanks to advocaite).
9. Integrate Support Section in game.
10. Modified footer and menu and added version and bugs (I mean detailed version.php and bugs.php).
11. Modified all admin page , now all pictures appers correctly.
12. Added night / day pictures. (thanks to advocaite).
13. Activate inactive player in Admin Panel.
14. Added Server Maintenence in Admin Panel (Not working 100% , i mean mode ban all players).
15. Activate Player Report in Admin Panel (NOT CODED YET).
16. Many bug fixed in Admin Panel.
17. Negative crop fixed , now units die (starvation). WORKS LIKE REAL TRAVIAN !!!
18. Medal fixed.
19. Added image in Profile (like beginner protection) for tribes [#roman] , [#gaul] , [#teuton]
20. Added image in profile for Multihunter and Admin [#MH] automaticaly set on install.
21. Added image in profile for Taskmaster and Nature [#TASKMASTER] , [#NATURE] , automaticaly set on install.
22. Added numbers of village in overview Villages [ 35 ]
23. Added oassis type in Profile / Overview
24. Added in karte.php (vilview.tpl) if you are in vacation mode , you cannot send resource.
25. Added in reports images for every report (reinforcement , attacks , resource , peace).
26. Added new quests (alliance , main building 5 , granary level 3 , warehouse level 5 , palace or residence , 3 settlers , new village , wall).
27. Winner decoded end time fixed , 403 , 404 , 500 errors are now decoded.
28. Populate and regenerate oasis automation function added and fixed.
29. Fixed palace , now cannot be build more than one palace / accout.
30. Now you need a warehouse and granary level 20 to build great granary and great warehouse.
31. Cannot send attacks and send resource to banned / vacation players.
32. Now banned palyer and vacation mode player cannot recive resource from marketplace.
33. Fix message replay , now can be viwed from who came message.
34. Added in instalation Nature Regeneration Time.
35. Fix oasis.tpl in instalation files.
36. Fix ranking search from everyware.
37. Fix "Finish all constructions for 2 gold." now you dont lose gold when you simply click.
38. Fix bonus on artefacts , now show what bonus gives you.(thanks to brainiacX)
39. Fix settler bug , now you cannot train settlers if you dont have resource. And also modifyResource function updated. (thanks to brainiacX)
40. Fix brewerey now can be build only on capital.
41. Fix treasurey and palace , now cannot be build on WW village.
42. Fix greatbarraks.
43. Fix eraseble hero , now you can delete your hero.
44. Fix desapear hero when you send as reinforcement.
45. Fix message problem with '
46. Fix train hero for unit pretorian
47. Fix merchant quantity
48. Fix battle system for catapults
49. Fix delete player in admin panel
50. Added automated system for give medals and also added in instalation file
51. Fix special characters when send troops
52. Fix reference link
53. Fix bug 10 from NarcisRO list : If you have plus account activated you cannot see the attck/deff/scout images when you attack a village (i mean img on villages : red swords etc..)
54. Fix forum surveys - NOT DONE
55. Fix wall image when spy someone for every tribe
56. Fix the top romans/teutons/gauls icon must show you the first rank of each race,not the whole page
57. Fix destroy village bug
58. Fix conquer oasis.
59. Fix movements.tpl (now show purple sword if your oasis is attacked or if you found new village)
60. Fixed movements on rally point if your oasis is under attack
61. Fixed vulnerability attack on message.
62. Fixed scouting all player when create natars.
63. Fixed catapult if have artefact for random target. Now can target WW even have that artefact like says.
64. Added graphic pack T4 (buildings , village view , building in construction , etc.)
65. Fix special characters on message (script alert not work now).
66. Fix mightiest bug of travian , double troops , now you won`t have any problems with double troops. Works for own units and for enforcement units.
67. Fix catapult target on brewerey , now you can target brewerey.
68. Added loss protection if you have beginner protection and want to attack a player you loss protection.
69. Fix artefacts, will not win more artifacts from the same village.
70. Fix UTF8 in database and sql.sql file.
71. Fixed Username HACK on register.
72. Fixed Village hack in profile .
73. Fixed a Bug where Founder or a user in alliance can kick himself.
74. Fixed new village must build a rally point.
75. Fix sorting distance artefact village .
76. Fix to conquer oasis: can conquer 1 attack if nature troop die.
77. Fix report scout by Natars. Now report player can see..
78. Fix area and location like real travian.
79. Fix field natar village set to type=3.
80. Fix natar village area 400/400 or WORLD_MAX not the random area.
81. Fix create_account : cannot create natar if already exist.
82. Fix counter timer if timer < 0 = display 0:00:00 and not display like your time pc.
83. Fix quest_core , now is like real travian.
84. Fix update oasis unit.
85. Fixed Registration hack.
86. Fixed Village hack hidden village and !
87. Fixed hidden Alliance name and fixed the bug of kicking your self if you are founder or anything else.
88. Fix conquer artefact.
89. Fix ranking and Quest 4.
90. Fix finishAll building/demolition/tecknology.
91. Fix conquer Occupied Oasis.
92. Fix NPC trade on settler in village or palace.
93. Fix bug when paste address to update building or resource , now not possible to upgrade.

In future

1. Automatic Conquering Protection (isn't added):

The conquering limitations must be hard coded.
These limitations are not that complicated but also connected to the relationship between the accounts in question.
The different connection types are:
Type 1 Players were not sitters and have not used the same computer or the same network (IP) recently.
Type 2 Players have been sitters recently or have used the same network (IP).
Type 3 Players are currently sitters or used the same PC recently.
Rules for connection type 1
*can conquer village when both players have not been in the same or an allied alliance within the last 2 days
Rules for connection type 2
*can conquer village when there has been NO active sitter connection within the last 14 days AND both players have not been in the same or an allied alliance within the last 2 days
Rules for connection type 3
*can NOT conquer village of each other.

2. Alliance forum don't work 100%. In warsim.php damage done by catapult , rams damage , and bonus by hero doesn`t work.

3. Battle simulator calculate don't work 100%.

4. Gold Club not fixed complete
- raid statistics

5. Capital doesnt apper on dorf1.php under village name

6. Time zone from preference.tpl and also all options must to coded and also must coded in profile.tpl sitters options

7. Must code a fuction to don't leave pleyer who have seted in past 14 days vacation mode to set another vacation mode

8. Graphic pack is enabled but must be fully coded

9. In profile.tpl must be coded option for sitters (access for what)

10. Troops don`t consume crop from villange when you send as reinforcements on oassis. Must to consume from villang when troops are reinforcement on anexed oassis.

11. When you try to steal an artefact (you have treasurey level 10) and attack with another player (with treasury level 20 and 2 artefacts) , you steal both artefact. Here is a bug , if you have level 10 treasurey you can steal both artefact even second artefact is large artefact and need treasurey level 20
